Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[electronic pop music
playing over speakers]
[crowd cheering indistinctly]
-[crowd chanting] Huntrix!
-[music intensifies]
Huntrix!
[cheering and screaming]
-[whoops]
-[yells]
Huntrix!
[Celine]
The world will know you as pop stars.
but you will be much more than that.
You will be Hunters.
-[dramatic music playing]
-[haunting whispered voices]
[Celine]
Demons have always haunted our world.
stealing our souls and channeling strength
back to their king. Gwi-Ma.
Until heroes arose to defend us.
Born with voices
that could drive back the darkness.
Singing songs of courage and hope.
But Hunters are more than warriors.
Our music ignites the soul
and brings people together.
With this connection.
the first Hunters
created a shield to protect our world.
the Honmoon.
Every generation.
a new trio of Hunters
is chosen to fulfill our ultimate duty.
A barrier so strong it is impenetrable.
that will keep demons and Gwi-Ma
from our world forever.
the Golden Honmoon.
And now. that duty falls to you.
-That victory is within your reach.
-[dramatic music continues]
It is your voices.
your song.
that will create the Golden Honmoon.
[in unison] Yes. Celine.
[dramatic music continues]
-Let's go. Huntrix!
-[crowd cheering]
[excited chatter]
[in unison] We love Huntrix!
[woman 1] Mira's my favorite.
She's the visual and lead dancer.
Nobody can move like Mira.
[woman 2]
She's the black sheep of her family.
Even though she's so cool.
Who else could wear a sleeping bag
to the Met Gala?
-She's our role model.
-[in unison] She's the best. Love her.
-We're here for Zoey!
-[woman 3] The rapper and lyricist.
[man 1] She grew up in America.
Somewhere called Burbank. USA.
[woman 4] She's the cutest maknae.
[man 1] But when she raps. she goes hard.
She gets real scary.
So scary. like. "You better watch out."
[girls] We love Rumi!
-She's pop-star royalty.
-Uh-huh!
[woman 5] Her mom. a Sunlight Sister.
died when she was a baby.
But Celine raised her.
and built Huntrix around her.
Rumi's voice is just incredible. Like…
[in unison]
It brings us to tears! [sobbing]
They're taking a break. and they need it.
but we're gonna miss them so much!
[upbeat pop music playing]
[crowd cheering and screaming]
Everyone look alive!
All right. Looking good over there. Okay.
Ready? Ready. But where are the girls?
What? What? Where are they going?
Okay. this is our biggest show yet.
The most songs.
The most moves.
Which means the most carb loading.
[in unison] For the fans!
[Rumi] I need 10.000 calories
to get through the choreo.
A thousand percent. A gajillion percent.
Man. that's not even a real number.
It is for our fans.
[inhales] Ah!
-[laughing]
-[whimsical music playing]
Our fans deserve the best. [grunting]
[jet engines whirring]
Okay. time for our pre-game ramyeon!
[in unison] Happy fans. happy Honmoon!
There's no water in these.
Um. excuse me. miss?
-Yes. Miss Hunter… ix?
-We asked for hot water…
Right away.
You're welcome. Arrideverci. Goodbye.
Uh. okay.
[chiming and buzzing]
-[in unison] Hi. Bobby!
-Yeah. hi!
-Um. what are you doing?
-About to eat our pre-show ramyeon.
Pre-show? What about the show-show?
-Hey. that's my phone!
-We love you!
[in unison] Oh. we love you too!
[sobbing]
-[sobbing]
-That's so sweet.
Yo! I just got this!
-[both] Uh…
-Sick.
Gimme that! Why are you so late?
-Late?
-Fifty thousand fans are waiting for you.
They made cute signs and everything.
How can you be late? I wish you were here.
Keep your shirt on.
We'll be there in three.
-[phone beeps]
-[both groan]
I didn't even get to finish my ramyeon!
Why do they always interrupt our snacking?
[garbled] They will face my wrath!
-[Rumi] Um. excuse me?
-Please take your seat.
We don't have time. You're a demon. right?
[titters] What do you mean?
You're smiling all weird.
watering plants with coffee.
and those guys?
Come on.
[controls beeping]
-Oh. we were just-- [grunts]
-[Rumi] Oh. look! Patterns.
Oh. these? These are just…
[shrieks]
The rest of you can come out.
We're in a hurry!
[dramatic music playing]
[Mira] Oh. you got the patterns.
Now you gotta die.
The only ones dying tonight are your--
[burps]
Uh. I said.
the only ones dying tonight are your--
-[stomach gurgles]
-I'm sorry. what?
Your fans! We're gonna eat your fans!
[in unison] Whoa!
-No.
-No. thank you!
[Mira] No. no. no.
Not our fans.
When you mess with our fans…
We need to make it hurt.
["How It's Done" playing]
[Rumi] ♪ Ugh. you came at a bad time ♪
♪ But you just crossed the line ♪
♪ You wanna get wild?
Okay. I'll show you wild ♪
♪ Better come right. better luck trying
Gettin' to our level! ♪
♪ 'Cause you might die. never the time
Tryin' to start a battle! ♪
[Mira] ♪ Bleeding isn't in my blood!
Ppyeosokbuteo dalaseo! ♪
♪ Beating you is what I do
Do. do. yeah! ♪
♪ Body on body
I'm naughty. not even sorry! ♪
♪ When you pull up. I'll pull up
A little late to the party! ♪
♪ Nah. nah! ♪
[Zoey] ♪ Locked. loaded. born for this!
No point in avoiding it! ♪
♪ Annoyed a bit? Bureul bichwo!
Da bikyeo ni ap gireul bbaetgyeo! ♪
[Rumi]
♪ Knocking you out like a lullaby! ♪
[Rumi and Zoey]
♪ Hear that sound ringing in your mind! ♪
[Huntrix]
♪ Better sit down for the show! ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm gonna show you
How it's done. done. done! ♪
♪ Huntrix don't miss
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Huntrix don't quit
How it's done. done. done! ♪
♪ Run. run. we run the town! ♪
♪ Whole world playing our sound! ♪
♪ Turning up. it's going down! ♪
♪ Huntrix show this
How it's done. done. done! ♪
Yeah. this plane's trashed.
[slurping noisily then sighing]
Okay. let's do this.
♪ Something about when you come
For the crown that's so humbling ♪
♪ Gapiagi wai geurae? Meonjeo geondeuryeo
Wae? Ijeya pogi hae. what? ♪
♪ Run up. you're done up!
From sun up to sundown. so come play! ♪
♪ Won either way. one in a million
We kill! Want it? Okay! ♪
♪ Heels. nails. blade. mascara! ♪
♪ Fit check for my napalm era! ♪
♪ Need to beat my face
Make it cute and savage! ♪
♪ Mirror. mirror on my phone
Who's the baddest? ♪
♪ Us? Hello! ♪
[Huntrix]
♪ Knocking you out like a lullaby! ♪
♪ Hear that sound ringing in your mind! ♪
-♪ Better sit down for the show! ♪
-It's them!
[Mira] ♪ 'Cause I'm gonna show you! ♪
-[Zoey ] ♪ I'm gonna show you! ♪
-[Rumi] ♪ I'm gonna show you! ♪
[Huntrix] ♪ How it's done! ♪
-♪ I don't talk. I bite! Full of venom! ♪
-Cool costume!
-♪ Spittin' facts! You know that's… ♪
-♪ How it's done! ♪
♪ Okay. I know I ramble
But when shootin' my words. I go Rambo! ♪
-♪ Took blood and tears to look natural! ♪
-♪ That's how it's done! ♪
♪ Hear our voice unwavering ♪
♪ Till our song defeats the night ♪
♪ Making fear afraid to breathe
Till the dark meets the light! ♪
♪ How it's done. done. done! ♪
♪ Run. run. we run the town!
Whole world playing our sound! ♪
♪ Turnin' up. it's goin' down! ♪
♪ Huntrix show this ♪
♪ How it's done. done. done! ♪
♪ We hunt you down. down. down! ♪
♪ We got you now. now. now! ♪
♪ We show you how. how. how! ♪
♪ Huntrix don't miss ♪
♪ How it's done. done. done! ♪
-[song ends]
-[crowd cheering and screaming]
[ominous music playing]
[whimpering]
[whimpers]
[screams]
[whimpers then grunts]
[Gwi-Ma] Let me guess.
They got away again?
[whimpering]
The Hunters. they're too strong.
[Gwi-Ma] I understand.
You… You do?
-[Gwi-Ma] I understand you are weak!
-[screams]
[Gwi-Ma] Pathetic!
Useless!
All of you!
Don't you idiots know?
Once the Hunters turn the Honmoon gold.
it's over for us!
[sobbing]
[dramatic melody played on bipa]
[demon]
There once was a mighty demon king.
Stop me if you've heard this one before.
He was in total control.
He feasted on souls.
The world trembled when he roared.
But then some Hunters sang some songs.
-Now all he does is starve.
-[tiger demon growls]
[demon] Can't get at the souls.
and his flame grows cold.
Just a whisper in the dark.
♪ And will he let the fire go out? ♪
♪ Is this the end of him now? ♪
♪ Dying king with a crumbling crown? ♪
♪ Will he let the fire go out? ♪
[Gwi-Ma] I let you keep that voice. Jinu.
And you dare to mock me with it?
I'm not here to mock you.
I'm here to help you.
It's time for a new strategy.
We fight the Hunters
where they least expect it.
Go after the very thing
that powers the Honmoon.
The fans.
[pop flourish plays]
[Gwi-Ma] A demon boy band?
[Gwi-Ma laughing]
[demon hoard laughing]
[Gwi-Ma]
What makes you think that could work?
[alluring pop music plays]
[music fades]
-Yeah. That's totally gonna work.
-Yeah. 100%.
[Gwi-Ma] Okay.
I know you. Jinu.
In 400 years.
you've never done a single thing
that didn't serve yourself.
-What do you want?
-[tense music playing]
The memories. I want them erased.
[music crescendos]
-[upbeat pop music playing]
-[Rumi] Did we just see gold?
-Yeah. I can't believe we're doing it.
-[yells] It's so exciting!
Okay. You know what this means.
It's time to release the song.
-Yes! It's finally time!
-We're gonna turn it gold. Yay!
-The moment we waited for.
-Yes!
[coughs] Whoa. That was weird.
-Good thing we're taking a break.
-Yeah. Sounds like you need the rest.
-Yeah. Just need a little water.
-Did someone say water?
[Huntrix] Hi. Bobby!
Water! Now!
What a way to end the world tour!
That finale with the guy
in the demon suit exploding into confetti?
-So chill.
-Those special effects looked amazing.
[chuckles] Yeah. "Special effects."
This is gonna break the bank.
but. ooh. look at these social numbers!
They're off the charts!
And to celebrate.
I booked you a week-long staycation
at the fanciest.
most exclusive relaxation resort in Korea.
Sorry. Bobby. We already have plans.
What? What plans?
We got the hottest ticket in town.
-To our couch! Couch!
Bobby. you should go enjoy the resort.
This tour has been grueling for everyone.
You deserve it.
Me? Oh. no. I couldn't possibly.
Just kidding. Robe me. I'm a 34 short.
See you in a couple weeks. girls!
[in unison] Bye. Bobby!
All right. Two weeks of vacation.
Yes. Vacation.
["Strategy" playing]
♪ Step one… ♪
Mmm! I can't wait to eat kimbap
and stare at the ceiling.
I already picked a movie for us.
It's actually a list
of 700 two-second videos
all about turtles.
-[Rumi] Mm-hm.
-Sounds super boring. I'm so down.
[Rumi] Let's do this.
♪ I got you on my radar
Soon you're gonna be with me ♪
♪ My strategy. strategy
Will get ya. get ya. baby ♪
-[song ends]
-It's time.
[chanting] Couch! Couch! Couch!
[sighing] Couch!
-Oh. yeah. That's the stuff. [sighs] Yeah.
-So relaxing.
-Hey. Have a good break?
-Huh?
What? No. We literally just sat down!
Why are you in your new costume?
[both] Rumi. you didn't.
Did you announce the new single?
-The promo starts tomorrow-- Tonight?
-Tonight?
-[Mira] Rumi. no!
-No!
-But the pajamas! But no. [sobs] No!
-[sobbing] No!
Girls. you won't believe this!
-Bobby!
-No more relaxy time!
Your new single is on fire!
Everyone's listening to it!
Yay!
So let's go promo!
-[woman 1] New single?
-[woman 2] New single?
[excited chatter]
-[woman 3] New single?
-[woman 4] New Huntrix?
["Golden" playing]
[crowd counting down in Korean]
♪ I was a ghost ♪
♪ I was alone ♪
♪ Eo du wojin. ap gil sok e ♪
♪ Given the throne ♪
♪ I didn't know how to believe ♪
♪ I was the queen that I'm meant to be ♪
♪ I lived two lives ♪
♪ Tried to play both sides
But I couldn't find my own place ♪
♪ Called a problem child ♪
♪ 'Cause I got too wild ♪
♪ But now that's how I'm getting paid! ♪
♪ Kkeut eop si on stage! ♪
[Rumi] ♪ I'm done hiding now ♪
I love it already!
♪ I'm shining like I'm born to be! ♪
♪ We're dreaming hard ♪
♪ We came so far ♪
[Huntrix] ♪ Now I believe! ♪
[Rumi] ♪ We're going up. up. up ♪
♪ It's our moment! ♪
♪ Together we're glowing! ♪
-♪ Gonna be golden! ♪
-Play it again!
-["Golden continues]
-[woman] You see my head bobbing?
Tell us about that new single.
"Golden." It's the story of us.
It's a song about who we are.
and where we're going next.
And the first live performance is tonight!
[Rumi] ♪ Now I'm shining
Like I'm born to be… ♪
It's the beginning
of a new chapter for us.
For the whole world.
We're so excited to show you what's next.
♪ Waited so long
To break these walls down ♪
♪ To wake up and feel like me ♪
♪ Put these patterns all in the past now ♪
♪ And finally live
Like the girl they all see ♪
♪ No more hiding ♪
♪ I'll be shining ♪
♪ Like I'm born to be! ♪
♪ 'Cause we are Hunters. voices strong ♪
♪ And I know I believe! ♪
♪ We're going up. up. up ♪
♪ It's our moment! ♪
♪ You know together we're glowing ♪
♪ Gonna be. gonna be golden! Oh! ♪
♪ Up. up. up with our voices
Yeong won h kkae jil su eop neun… ♪
-Rumi's voice!
-I can't wait to hear her live!
♪ Whoa. I'm done hiding ♪
Oh. sorry.
♪ Now I'm shining ♪
[sings off-key] ♪ Like I'm born to b-- ♪
-[clears throat]
-[song stops]
Huh?
-You okay?
-[Rumi clears throat]
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Let's take it again. From the top.
[song resumes]
♪ I'm done hiding ♪
♪ Now I'm shining ♪
♪ Like I'm born to– ♪
[coughs]
-[song stops]
-Um. Rumi. are you okay?
Do you need some water?
I just need five. I'm gonna take five.
-[woman] Five minutes? We go live in ten!
-[man] Um…
Okay. I can handle this.
I'm not having a nervous breakdown.
Visualize there's not 10.000 fans
at the door screaming and sounding scary.
-[screaming]
-[man] Mayday!
There's 10.000 fans at the door
screaming and sounding scary!
[breathing heavily]
Okay. [exhales]
-[ominous music playing]
-[gasps]
My voice? Oh. no. No.
[gasping]
[young Rumi]
♪ We are Hunters. voices strong ♪
♪ Slaying demons with our song ♪
♪ Fix the world and make it right ♪
♪ When darkness finally meets the light ♪
-Celine. do Hunters kill all demons?
-[Celine] Yes.
So everything that has patterns?
Cover those up.
You only have those because--
My dad was a demon?
You're not one of them. Rumi.
You're a Hunter. like your mother was.
When the Honmoon is sealed.
all demons will be gone from this world.
And so will your patterns.
-So these will be gone?
-Yes.
Those will be gone.
-[poignant music playing]
-[gasping]
[Zoey] You always say no. Rumi.
[Mira] You're so modest.
It's just the bathhouse.
Maybe some other time. You guys go ahead.
-[Mira sighs] Every time.
-[Zoey] Mm-hm.
[poignant music continues]
Maybe they'll understand.
No. Rumi.
Nothing can change
until your patterns are gone.
[poignant music continues]
♪ No more hiding ♪
♪ I'll be shining ♪
♪ Like I'm born to be! ♪
♪ 'Cause we are Hunters. voices strong ♪
♪ And I know I believe! ♪ [voice breaks]
[coughs then sobs]
How am I supposed to fix the world.
fix me. when I don't have my voice?
[sighs] Why now. when I'm so close?
Why?
[in demonic voice] Why?!
[gasping]
[young Rumi]
♪ We are Hunters. voices strong ♪
[music fades]
[gasps]
[sighs]
I… I'm sorry about the show.
Rumi. it's okay.
I'm sure everything will be fine.
Bobby can handle it.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hi. Bobby!
-[Bobby] Girls. I can't handle this!
There's thousands of disappointed fans.
and the network is losing their minds.
Okay. this is why you pay me 3%.
Okay. back off!
My girls will sing when they're ready.
It's okay. We can reschedule
another live show within days.
I… I don't know
if that's going to be possible.
My voice. it's in trouble.
Wait. in trouble?
Then why did you
push up the "Golden" release?
Because we're so close.
and it's so important.
Okay. how do we handle this?
What do we tell the fans?
Maybe we should call Celine?
We know what she'd say. Zoey.
Oh. right. [clears throat]
"We are Hunters. Voices strong.
Your faults and fears must never be seen."
-[Mira laughs] Whoa.
-[laughing]
-You sound exactly like her.
-Yeah. that's how she says it.
-No. We gotta hide it and fix it.
-For sure. We have to hide it. Mm-hm.
Rumi. why don't we take a break?
We'll skip the Idol Awards this year and--
No. No way.
It's our most important show.
It's when we strengthen the Honmoon
for the entire year.
We can't skip it.
We just can't.
Not when I'm so close.
Hey. we'll get through this.
We can get through anything. Together.
Okay. We have two weeks
to fix Rumi's voice. Any ideas?
I do have one idea.
Just one?
Actually. 57.
but let's start with my favorite.
Don't worry. It's totally legit.
He's got this special tonic.
Apparently. it can heal anything
from sore throats to relationships.
Ssh! Quietly. Zoey.
-Why are there so many people today?
-Down that alleyway.
Free concert? It's at noon.
[man] Who are the Saja Boys?
[Mira] Yep. about as legit as I expected.
Earthy and herby. Smells legit to me.
-Yay! That's the spirit! [speaks Korean]
-[Mira] Hurry. before someone sees us.
Huh?
Eh?!
-[door opens]
-Rumi Nim. [chuckles] Sit. Sit.
You need no introduction.
So. a problem with your voice.
Yes. So we need
one of your awesome tonics.
Something that will work super fast.
Okay. let me see.
-Ah!
-[Han] Uh-uh-uh.
In order to heal a part.
we must understand the whole.
[inhales deeply]
[grunting]
-[Rumi] Uh…
-I see.
I see…
No. Actually. I don't see.
Very strange. You have lots of walls up.
Whoa! He's so good. right?
So many walls.
Walls? [scoffs] I don't have walls.
Uh. yeah. you do. He is kind of good.
-I'm just trying to stay focused.
-Hm…
Focus is good. but focusing on one part
leads to ignoring other parts.
making you separated. isolated.
-Ooh! Emotionally closed off?
-Yes! Yes!
She's also a workaholic.
doesn't know how to relax.
I know how to relax!
I bet she refuses to go to the bathhouse.
Oh my gosh. yes!
-How did you even--
-Dude. we've been trying to take her…
Forever!
-[laughing]
-How is this helpful?
-It's helping me a lot.
-[exclaims]
I can't believe you got all that wisdom
just from looking at her.
Hm. I see…
Wait. why are you looking at me?
Eagerness to please.
Maybe a little too eager.
What? [laughs nervously]
I'm not like that.
-You'd tell me if I was like that. right?
-Um…
[Han] Hm…
I see…
[both grunting]
[grunting intensifies]
-[barks]
-[whimpers]
-Yeah. that's right.
-How does this help me get my voice back?
As I said. to treat the part.
we must understand the whole.
[groans] That's great. but I thought
we were here just for your tonics.
Just give us the voice juice.
Hm… I know just the tonics you need.
Is that us?
[groans] Zoey.
Your tonics are ready!
[Mira and Zoey chanting]
We got the tonics!
Yay! Once your is voice fixed.
we can get back to the important stuff.
like the fans.
[man] Totally. Nice.
-Fans!
-We can't let them see us!
[Zoey] Hurry!
[Mira] Be cool. Look normal.
♪ Oh yeah! ♪
["Love Me Right" playing]
♪ Come on ♪
[Zoey] Hm?
♪ Take your time ♪
[lyrics continues in Korean]
♪ Na-na-na-na. na-na-na-na ♪
♪ So tonight ♪
[gasps]
-[lyrics continue in Korean]
-[gasps]
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Just right ♪
-[moaning]
-[rapping in Korean]
Mmm! Mmm!
[screams]
[Mira] So hot.
Ugh. You guys are so gross…
["Love Maybe" playing]
[singing in Korean]
[song distorts and fades]
Uh…
-Huh?
-Watch yourself.
[gasps]
Watch my… Watch yourself!
[groans] Look at this mess!
-Yeah. They're not even that cute.
-They're so bleh!
They're so… [retching]
No. they're… [retching]
-They're…
-[all retching]
-I'm gonna throw up.
-Wait. What is that?
["Soda Pop" playing distantly]
-[grunts]
-Ooh. Sorry!
[inhales then exhales]
♪ Hey. hey! ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Don't want you. need you
Yeah. I need you to fill me up! ♪
♪ Masigo maysyeo bwa do… ♪
It's those stupid jerks again!
♪ Got a feeling that. oh yeah
You could be everything that I need! ♪
♪ Taste so sweet… ♪
These guys are a boy band?
♪ Makes me want more ♪
-♪ Looking like snacks! ♪
-♪ You got it! ♪
♪ Take a big bite. want another bite! ♪
♪ Neoui modeungeol nan wonhae! ♪
♪ Neomalgon modu peonhae. peonhae… ♪
Did he? One. two. three. four. five. six.
[gasps] That jerk stole one of my pouches!
♪ Can’t let go. no. no. not tonight ♪
♪ Jigeum dangiang nal
Bwa shigan eobtjana ♪
♪ Neon naegeoya imi algo itjana ♪
♪ 'Cause I need you to need me ♪
♪ I'm empty. you feed me ♪
♪ So refreshing! ♪
♪ My little soda pop! ♪
♪ You're all I can think of ♪
♪ Every drop I drink up ♪
♪ You're my soda pop ♪
♪ My little soda pop ♪
♪ Cool me down. you're so hot ♪
♪ Pour me up. I won't stop! ♪
♪ You're my soda pop… ♪
It is annoyingly catchy. though.
It's infectious.
-[gasps]
-[yelps]
-They can make hearts out of thin air?
-[grunts]
[gasping]
-[in unison] They're demons!
-Magicians! Demons. Obviously demons.
♪ Make me wanna flip the top!
Han mogume. you hit the spot! ♪
♪ Every little drip and drop. fizz and pop
Soreum doda ♪
♪ It's gettin' hot… ♪
Dang. they're good.
Incredible. But a demon boy band? Why?
I don't care.
A demon's a demon. We kill them.
-No. it's too public.
-What if they try to kill these people?
It doesn't look
like they're gonna hurt anyone.
[grunts] Huh?
♪ Nan jeoldae notchil su eopseo… ♪
In fact.
it almost seems like they're nice demons?
Demons are never nice!
[Rumi] Don't eat that!
-[Mira] Ah! No.
-[gasps]
[Mira] Don't touch that!
♪ Come on. fill me up ♪
♪ Just can't get enough! ♪
♪ You're all I can think of ♪
♪ Every drop I drink up ♪
♪ You're my soda pop
My little soda pop… ♪
They're coming after the fans.
We gotta stop this now.
♪ Pour me up. I won't stop! ♪
♪ You're my soda pop ♪
♪ My little soda pop! ♪
♪ You're my soda pop! ♪
♪ Gotta drink every drop! ♪
-[song ends]
-[crowd cheering and screaming]
[growls]
[cheering]
That's it for now.
See you tonight
on everyone's favorite variety show.
Saja Boys love you!
♪ My little soda pop! ♪
[crowd cheering]
-[man] That was incredible.
-[woman] I liked that.
[Rumi growls]
To be fair.
that's also something a magician would do.
Oh. those are demons.
And we're gonna kill them.
Let's get battle ready.
-[heavy metal music playing]
-[screaming]
[Rumi] Let's go kill these guys.
[Zoey] Caw-caw!
[lively jingle plays]
-♪ Play! ♪
-♪ Play Games With Us! ♪
[host] Spicy challenge.
Welcome back
to Who Can Chug the Most Hot Sauce?
[laughing]
Once they come off stage.
we'll jump down for the attack.
and these boys'll be…
[all] Done. done. done.
[host] That's one flaming-hot Jinu.
-[groans]
-[host] And Abby is down.
Mystery is history.
Looks like Romance is out
due to heartburn?
It's a dead heat
between my handsome co-host and Baby Saja.
Can our host catch up?
So spicy! So spicy!
He can't! Baby Saja is the winner!
Goo goo. ga ga.
[Rumi] Come on. Wrap it up.
[host] Hard to say goodbye
when we're having fun.
So hard. So hard.
Then why say goodbye when we have
extra special guests coming up?
-[gasping]
-What is he doing?
Please welcome Huntrix!
-[audience cheering]
-I love you. Huntrix!
We just wanted to stop by and congratulate
our hoobaes on their debut and--
And of course.
Play Games with Us! Bring out the slides!
[audience chanting] Slide!
Oh no. [chuckles] We couldn't possibly.
[chanting] In the balls! In the balls!
Sure. For the fans.
[whoops hysterically]
[leather costumes squeaking]
Wait. What the…
[groaning]
[woman] What's happening?
Make it stop!
The leather has betrayed us!
[leather continues squeaking]
[host] And Huntrix is in the balls!
[audience applauding]
Well. this was fun.
It was truly an honor
to share the stage with you.
-So hot!
-And respectful!
Oh no. The honor is ours.
-No. it was ours.
-It's ours.
-[Sajas] Ours. Ours…
-[Huntrix] Ours. Ours…
-[Zoey] Oh. my back!
-[Rumi and Mira growl]
Let's go get these guys.
[gasps] We finally get to go
to the bathhouse with Rumi!
[mystical music playing]
[music crescendos then stops]
[Rumi] Men's?
[groaning]
[chuckles] Wow.
Did you really follow us in here?
I knew they would.
That one's always looking at me.
[both] No we're not. [wailing]
You think we're just
gonna let you steal our fans?
You'll have to fight us for them.
Yeah. Keep your hands off our Honmoon.
[laughs] We're not here to fight.
They are.
Water demons.
Oh great. My favorite.
Get rid of the Hunters.
Then you can eat all the souls you want.
[intense music playing]
Don't let this
turn you off bathhouses. Rumi.
It's usually really fun and relaxing.
Have fun. Oh!
-Oh jeez.
-[snarls]
[grunts]
-[giggles]
-[grunts]
Whoa! Whoa!
-Hey.
-[grunting]
-[roars]
-[growls]
[Mira and Zoey grunting]
What's going on with the Honmoon?
It's getting worse.
We can't hold them. We need Rumi.
[intense music continues]
Whoa! Mind the face.
I need it to steal your fans.
[Rumi grunting]
-[Jinu laughs then grunts]
-[grunts]
[Rumi grunting]
[laughs]
You're strong.
[gasps]
[Rumi gasps]
A Hunter who's part demon?
-[ominous music playing]
-[gasps]
[Mira] Rumi. we need your help!
[Zoey] Rumi!
-[Mira] What are you doing? Where are you?
-[Zoey] Rumi. we need you!
[Rumi grunts]
-Rumi! Get in here.
-Rumi! We need you.
-Rumi!
[gasps]
[intense music playing]
-[Rumi yells]
-[Mira grunts then yells]
-[music fades]
[breathing heavily]
Hey! This is the man's bathhouse.
Get out of here.
Um. hi.
[sighs then chuckles]
♪ My little soda pop ♪
[pensive music playing]
A Hunter who's part demon.
[indistinct haunting whispers]
[ominous music playing]
[gasps then grunts]
-["Soda Pop" playing distantly]
-[groans]
[demons chanting] Saja Boys! Saja Boys!
[wails] I love you guys.
[demons chanting] Saja Boys.
They're just like us.
Oh. souls incoming.
[Gwi-Ma] "My Little Soda Pop."
It's catchy.
Surprisingly. your plan is working.
I know. and that soul is just a starter.
So let me get back to work.
and you'll be feasting in no time.
[Gwi-Ma] One of the Hunters bears my mark.
but I have no control over her.
This is good.
This means she has shame.
I'll find out what it is.
and we can use it
to destroy her and the Hunters for good.
-[Gwi-Ma] I've taught you well. Jinu.
-[chuckles]
[music fades]
How do we go from gold to this?
[Zoey] Look at all the weak spots.
We've never seen the Honmoon
like this before.
Gwi-Ma must know
we're so close to sealing it for good.
So he sends a demon boy band?
Well. it's working.
Don't worry.
I'm sure "Soda Pop" is just a fad.
These boys will be old news by next week.
You'll see.
-[door opens]
-[gasping]
-[Bobby] Girls?
-Hi. Bobby!
It's a lot more serious than I thought.
The Saja Boys have gone completely viral
after that variety show.
They even have their own fandom.
-[fans] Join the Pride!
-["Soda Pop" plays]
♪ Cool me down. you're so hot ♪
♪ Pour me up. I won't stop! ♪
♪ You're my soda pop… ♪
-Bobby! Control those shoulders.
-Zoey!
Wow. it is catchy.
Yeah. you're right. Zoey.
They're amazing. but they suck.
I'm sorry. I've been glued
to this tiny screen for hours.
I just need to look away and…
Woo!
Relax. Bobby.
It's just social media numbers.
Not the end of the world.
[deep rumbling]
This is the battle for hearts and minds.
A battle for the fans.
And what's the biggest battlefield
of them all?
-[both] The Idol Awards.
-State Fair?
That's right. We have to crush that stage.
Be better than
we've ever been with the show
to end the Saja Boys for good.
Zoey. we're gonna need a new song.
I got 23 notebooks
full of demon insults ready to go.
Yeah! Let's make it 30 notebooks.
Mira. the choreography?
Yep. making them hotter.
Backup dancers. ready to go.
We'll write a brand-new song.
A diss track to expose the Saja Boys.
And send those disgusting demons
back to the depths where they belong!
-Yeah!
Yeah!
-["How It's Done" playing]
-We're gonna kick their butts!
-[yelling]
That's my girls!
Not sure about this whole demon thing.
They seem nice. but loving the energy!
[music fades]
[exhales sharply]
Okay. tonics. Let's do this. What?
[groans] Zoey.
A Hunter who's part demon?
[birds sings]
[twitters]
Is that a bird wearing a tiny hat?
[shrieks]
What?
[grumbles]
-[tense music playing]
-[gasps]
[low. rumbling growl]
[squawks]
[growls softly]
[sighs]
No. No. really. It's okay. Just leave it.
What are you?
"Hello. friend."
[speaks in Korean]
Jinu? Ji-- Jinu? Oh! [scoffs]
Meet you?
I'm not gonna meet you.
Who do you think you-- [yelps]
[mysterious music playing]
[chirps]
[purrs]
Okay. Jinu. Let's meet.
[suspenseful music playing]
[purrs]
[music fades]
[intense music playing]
[yells]
[music fades]
-What?
-Wow. I wasn't expecting a hug. but--
-[yells]
-Jeez. okay. okay.
Calm down. I thought the mannequin
was gonna be a fun icebreaker.
But I see I was wrong.
-[Rumi grunts]
-Whoa!
-Hey! I just wanna talk.
-Talk?
About your patterns?
But first. I wanna talk about those pants.
-Hm?
-Teddy bears and choo-choo trains? Really?
[whispers] Choo-choo.
-You were supposed to be dead!
-Whoa. Hey!
I could've told your friends what you are.
-But I didn't. did I?
-[growls]
Because they don't know.
[gasps]
Ah. I did guess right.
A demon girl.
Also Hunter.
Hiding. walking around free
in the human world.
-Just Hunter. not demon.
-Then how'd you get the patterns?
-That's none of your business.
-Huh.
I know what it feels like to have them.
Feel? You're a demon.
Demons don't feel anything.
Is that what you think?
That's all demons do. Feel.
Feel our shame. our misery.
It's how Gwi-Ma controls us.
Do you not hear him in your ear?
-What are you talking about?
-Huh.
You're lucky.
I'll never forget
the first time I heard him.
-That was 400 years ago.
-[poignant music playing]
My family
was extremely poor and miserable.
I had a single possession to my name.
An old bipa.
So I busked the streets.
but it didn't get me anywhere.
I was desperate.
We were starving.
Then. I heard him.
You can't do anything for your family.
You're not good enough for them.
But I can help you be good enough.
Overnight. my fate was changed.
I was praised for my voice.
Even by the king himself.
My family and I lived
on the palace grounds.
Our bellies were finally full.
our clothes clean.
We were happy.
But the patterns. they kept spreading
until they consumed me.
And I was condemned to the demon world.
Prisoner of Gwi-Ma for all eternity.
My family lost everything.
And without me.
they were even worse off than before.
Every day since. I've been haunted
by the memory of failing them.
[Gwi-Ma] You left them.
Left them behind. Failed them.
These are a constant reminder of my shame.
A shame I can never escape.
[poignant music continues]
Yours are a reminder too.
Of a shame of your own.
You don't know me.
You know you can tell me. I'll understand.
I'm the only one who can.
I'm nothing like you.
Denial. I get it.
I was once there too.
I'll be here when you're done pretending.
Until next time.
There won't be a next time!
[groans]
[yells]
[Mira and Zoey] ♪ You'll never beat us ♪
♪ Your plan will never work
We're gonna… ♪
-[both mumbling]
-[playing discordant melody]
-[groans]
-This song sucks!
We only have to write
the best diss track ever
to crush the Idol Awards.
or there'll be a demon apocalypse.
No pressure at all.
Yeah! We gotta get up close
and insult their stupid faces!
Their nasty. disgusting. not beautiful…
[alluring music plays]
…perfectly dewy.
symmetrical. shimmering…
[Mira] Okay. enough!
I'm taking these down!
Just like how we're gonna
take down these boys!
Take down? Takedown!
That's the song! It's a takedown!
♪ So sweet. so easy on the eyes ♪
♪ But hideous on the inside ♪
-Nice.
-You like it?
♪ Whole life spreading lies
But you can't hide ♪
♪ Baby. nice try ♪
Whoa. That's sounding good.
♪ I'm about to switch up these vi– ♪
[coughs then groans]
-Sorry. guys.
-No. take it easy.
Yeah. rest that voice for Idol Awards.
[man] This week's winner is "Soda Pop"
by the Saja Boys!
[Rumi] ♪ So sweet. so easy on the eyes ♪
♪ But hideous on the inside ♪
♪ Whole life spreading lies
But you can't hide. baby. nice try! ♪
[Mira]
♪ I'm about to switch up these vibes ♪
♪ I finally opened my eyes ♪
♪ It's time to kick you straight back
Into the night! ♪
Wait. that's the beat.
Yeah. totally!
[groans]
Are you a prisoner too?
Is Gwi-Ma making you do this?
[growls]
-Mira.
-You okay?
Yeah. thanks for having my back.
[man] This week's winner
is "Golden" by Huntrix!
["Takedown" playing]
♪ I'mma gear up and take you down! ♪
♪ It's a takedown! ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
[Zoey] ♪ A takedown. I'mma take you out
You'll break down like. "What?" ♪
♪ It's a takedown. I'mma take you out
And it ain't gonna stop! ♪
Oh. how about…
"♪ A demon with no feelings
Doesn't deserve to live ♪" ?
It's so obvious!
♪ I'mma gear up and take you down! ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ It's a takedown! ♪
Look!
♪ Takedown! ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
[girl] Join the Pride!
-[man 1] Join the--
-[man 2] Join the Pride!
[Bobby] All right. team.
I know everything is all Saja. Saja. Saja.
but we're gonna turn it
into Huntrix. Huntrix. Huntrix!
Yay!
These fans slept
on the sidewalk. overnight!
Happy fans. happy Honmoon!
-Let's bring them in! Welcome.
-[fans screaming]
Hey. single file. no pushing.
-And who should I make this out to?
-"To our biggest fans."
[pop flourish plays]
[fans] It's the Saja Boys!
[groaning]
It is an honor! Table. now!
[fans] Joint signing!
We lose half the fans?
The Saja Boys will sit with us!
-What? Rumi?
-Rumi. what are you doing?
-Genius!
-[fans] Huh?
Same table?
We need every fan.
-Hm. We keep meeting like this.
-[Mira growls]
I am not sitting with no Saja Boy--
[giggles] What's up?
[tittering]
-I didn't think you liked sharing.
-I love sharing.
Oh. so you shared
your secret with your friends?
If only I could smash your demon face now!
Thanks for coming!
Should I tell them?
No. I'm gonna tell them. Eventually.
Are you whispering?
[both blabbering]
Your secret's safe with me.
[both laugh nervously]
Oh. so cute!
Thanks for coming!
-[barking]
-No! Bad Saja Boy!
-I'll sign first.
-No. I'll sign first.
-[Mira] No. me! Me first!
Not gonna talk to someone
who's helping Gwi-Ma.
I'm helping myself.
Look. if I help him.
he's promised to erase my memories.
and those voices in my head will be gone.
-Pathetic.
-I'm pathetic?
You can't even talk about your patterns.
-[groans]
-You want me to talk about my patterns?
I hate them! Just like I hate all demons.
How I hate Gwi-Ma.
If hate could defeat Gwi-Ma.
I would've done it a long time ago.
Trust me.
[girl] Excuse me. Mr. Jinu.
I made this for you.
Uh. for me?
[tender music playing]
Maybe listen to those voices
instead of the ones in your head.
Isn't he great?
Woo! Jinu. everybody! Yeah. Jinu!
"Woo. Jinu"?
[fans chanting] Jinu! Jinu!
Unfortunately. the Saja Boys have to run.
Thank you. everyone.
-[fans cheering and applauding]
-[lively pop music playing]
The Internet loves this.
and the Internet is never wrong!
Rujinu! That's genius.
Zoeystery.
Where did they come up with that?
[Mira] Miro-mabby?
Aw. you're so cute together!
[groans]
[Rumi] ♪ "Time to put you in your place
'Cause you're rotten within!" ♪
♪ "When your patterns start to show" ♪
♪ "It makes the hatred wanna grow
Out of my…" ♪
[sighs]
♪ When your patterns start to show
I see a pain that lies below ♪
-[purrs]
-[scoffs] Calm down.
I'm not gonna meet him.
[knocking on door]
[Mira clears throat] Rumi?
Uh-- You gotta get outta here. Come on.
-[Mira] I can hear you in there.
-Uh. yeah.
-Uh. give me a minute.
-[knocking continues]
[purrs curiously]
-Hm?
-[dramatic triple sting plays]
[bird twitters]
Uh… what are you doing?
Um. nothing. Just. uh…
Did you wanna come in?
I mean. if you want me to come in.
I can come in.
[gasps]
[Mira] I heard you singing.
You sound good.
Yeah. who would've thought?
Those tonics actually work.
So. why are you changing our lyrics?
Oh. I just… [sighs]
Do you really think
this is the right song to beat Gwi-Ma?
It's so hateful.
Yeah. because we hate him.
and we hate demons.
No. I know.
Okay. what is up with you?
I could swear. the other day.
you were talking to a demon.
-I…
-And "Woo. Jinu"? What was that about?
Playing him up to psych him out.
Get in his head.
I'm pretty good at reading people.
Actually. I'm kind of an expert at it.
and I just can't shake this feeling
that you're keeping something from me.
Mira. I'm not keeping anything from you.
I promise.
[sighs]
Sorry. I sound nuts.
I guess these demons
are just getting to me.
[groans] I can't wait
until every one of them is destroyed
and sent back
to suffer with Gwi-Ma for eternity.
[chuckles] Right. Rumi?
Yeah. Eternal suffering. Sounds fun.
Hey. everybody.
Our fan club just hit 50 million fans.
[Romance]
We have to give a shout-out to Huntrix.
We couldn't have done it
without their support.
[Mystery] And to our fans. thank you.
We really feed off your energy.
In other news.
the amount of missing person reports
have tripled in the last 24 hours.
[Mystery]
We're so excited to show you what's next.
[ominous music playing]
[music fades]
[pop music playing distantly]
[sighs]
She wants to meet. and she's late?
[yelping]
[gasps] You made me come all the way
out here so you could jump-scare me?
-Follow me.
-[scoffs]
Well. I'm glad
you're finally ready to talk.
Although. you could've picked
somewhere nicer for a date.
Date? No! Ew! What are you talking about?
That doesn't mean--
[groans] You're so old.
This is strictly a business meeting.
Okay. loud and clear.
What if I told you
there's another way to get your freedom?
Go on.
Help us win the Idol Awards.
Because when we win.
the Honmoon will be sealed.
-And that will guarantee your freedom.
-[mystical music playing]
Gwi-Ma will be permanently cut off.
and all the demons
will be gone from this world.
I will finally be free of these patterns.
No more hiding. No more secrets.
You can be on this side
when the Honmoon is sealed.
Away from the demon world.
away from Gwi-Ma.
You can be free from those voices forever.
What makes you think
the Honmoon can save a guy like me?
A guy who tried to help his family?
You made a mistake. Jinu.
[scoffs] It's not that simple.
But I am a mistake.
[music turns poignant]
Have been since the moment I was born.
So. I have to believe.
Because if there's no hope for you.
what hope is there for me?
Bracelet? For your beautiful girlfriend?
-Oh. no. We're not-- She's not my type.
-Oh. no. Ugh. What?
Excuse me? I'm everyone's type.
-You can't even show up on time.
-You from the 1900s?
-I see why you're single.
-What?
See? We'd never work.
Here. free one.
Go find yourself a better boy.
This one's hopeless.
[chuckles] Well. there's your answer.
Hopeless.
That's the funny thing about hope.
Nobody else gets to decide if you feel it.
That choice belongs to you.
[poignant music continues]
Fine.
Your loss.
-I was just trying to get the bracelet.
-Oh. Yeah. The bracelet.
For what it's worth.
I don't think you're a mistake.
-Okay. bye.
-Yeah. uh. bye. Uh-- [sighs]
-[purrs curiously]
-[twitters]
-I need to see "Golden" live.
-The Idol Awards are tomorrow.
Thank goodness I didn't hold my breath.
'cause I'd be dead by now.
[sighs]
["Takedown" playing]
♪ Time to put you in your place
'Cause you're rotten within! ♪
♪ When your patterns start to show ♪
♪ It makes the hatred
Wanna grow out of my… ♪
-[song stops]
-[Mira] What's going on?
Why are we stopping?
These lyrics are throwing me off.
I don't think they're right just yet.
Seriously? Now?
No. it's fine. [laughs weakly]
It's the second verse. right?
Uh. how about…
"When the patterns start to show.
the world will know that you're depraved"?
[softly] Hm.
Um. "My sword will happily
Show you to your grave."
-"You'll be pummeled till no remains."
-No. Zoey. it's just--
It's the whole song.
Oh. okay. great.
Well. then. I might as well
just tear these all up. [yelling]
Rumi. we don't have time
to change the lyrics even if we wanted to.
The Idol Awards are tomorrow.
Well. I don't think I can sing this song.
Hey. girls. just wanted to bring
some last-minute pick-me-ups.
I know things
have been really stressful lately.
and you've been working so hard
on the Idol routine.
For what it's worth. I am proud of you.
and I just want you to know
I'm here for literally anything you need.
[cell phone buzzing]
♪ You're my soda pop!
My little soda pop! ♪
Join the Pride. We need you.
[ominous music playing]
-[yells]
-Seriously. what is your problem?
I told you. the song. it's--
I'm not talking about the song.
I'm talking about you!
Why are you questioning
everything we stand for
when we're so close
to sealing the Honmoon?
-What are you not telling us. Rumi?
-I-- I--
What are you hiding from us?
Not everything
is about your insecurities. Mira!
Mira. I didn't mean…
Would you two stop fighting each other
and look?
[dramatic music playing]
-The tear.
-It's huge.
["Takedown" playing]
If you're with us. prove it.
♪ It's a takedown. I'mma take you out
You'll break down like. "What?" ♪
And it ain't gonna stop! ♪
♪ Jung-shin-eul-noh-koh
Null-jib-balb-goh! ♪
♪ Kal-eul-seh-gyuh-nuah! ♪
♪ You'll be begging and crying
All of you dying. never miss my shot! ♪
♪ I don't think you're ready
For the takedown! ♪
♪ A demon with no feelings
Don't deserve to live! ♪
♪ It's so obvious ♪
♪ I'mma gear up! ♪
[groans]
[in unison] Rumi!
♪ You can try. but you can't hide! ♪
♪ It's a takedown. I'mma take you out ♪
♪ And it ain't gonna stop! ♪
[yells]
[music fades]
The passengers!
[Jinu on phone]
Join The Pride. we need you!
Join the Pride. we need you!
[train alert chimes]
[Mira] Whatever you think about the song.
it doesn't matter now.
Everything is at stake.
and we just need
to get through this together.
You know I'm always on your side.
but it's really hard
to understand this time.
We can't win this
without your voice. Rumi.
Trust me. I'm gonna make sure we win.
-[haunting music playing]
-[heart beating]
[music stops]
[purring]
Okay. so I've been meaning to ask.
why does the bird wear a tiny hat?
I made it for the tiger.
but the bird keeps taking it.
[twitters then chirps]
[both laugh]
So. about tomorrow.
have you thought about my proposal?
Look. I want to believe
in your crazy plan.
but I don't think I'm the one to help you.
Actually. you already have.
I spent my whole life keeping this secret.
this shame of what I am.
and the more I hid this shame.
the more it grew and grew
until it started to destroy the one thing
that gave me a purpose.
my voice.
[poignant music playing]
But since I've met you.
and the more I talk to you.
I don't understand it.
but somehow. my voice has healed.
["Free" playing]
♪ I tried to hide. but something broke ♪
♪ I tried to sing
Couldn't hit the notes ♪
♪ The words kept catching in my throat ♪
♪ I tried to smile
I was suffocating though ♪
♪ But here with you
I can finally breathe ♪
♪ You say you're no good ♪
♪ But you're good for me ♪
♪ I've been hoping to change ♪
♪ Now I know we can change ♪
♪ But I won't if you're not by my side ♪
♪ Why does it feel right ♪
♪ Every time I let you in? ♪
♪ Why does it feel like ♪
♪ I can tell you anything? ♪
♪ All the secrets
That keep me in chains and ♪
♪ All the damage
That might make me dangerous ♪
♪ You got a dark side ♪
♪ Guess you're not the only one ♪
♪ What if we both tried ♪
♪ Fighting what we're running from? ♪
♪ We can't fix it if we never face it ♪
♪ What if we find a way to escape it? ♪
♪ We could be free. free! ♪
♪ We can't fix it if we never face it ♪
♪ Let the past be the past
Till it's weightless ♪
♪ Oh. time goes by
And I lose perspective ♪
♪ Yeah. hope only hurts
So I just forget it ♪
♪ You're breaking through the dark in me
When I thought nobody could ♪
♪ You're waking up all these parts of me
I thought were buried for good ♪
♪ Between imposter and this monster
I been lost inside my head ♪
♪ Ain't no choice when all these voices
Keep me pointing towards no end! ♪
♪ It's just easy when I'm with you ♪
♪ No one sees me the way you do ♪
♪ I don't trust it. but I want to
I keep coming back to ♪
♪ Why does it feel right
Every time I let you in? ♪
♪ Why does it feel like ♪
♪ I can tell you anything? ♪
♪ We can't fix it if we never face it ♪
♪ What if we find a way to escape it? ♪
♪ We could be free. free! ♪
♪ We can't fix it if we never face it ♪
♪ Let the past be the past
Till it's weightless! ♪
[Rumi] ♪ Whoa! ♪
♪ So take my hand ♪
♪ It's open! ♪
[Jinu] ♪ Free! Free! ♪
[Rumi] ♪ What if we heal what's broken? ♪
[Rumi] ♪ I tried to hide
But something broke ♪
♪ I couldn't sing
But you give me hope ♪
♪ We can't fix it if we never face it ♪
♪ Let the past be the past ♪
♪ Till it's weightless ♪
[song fades]
[wind blowing]
I… I don't hear his voice.
[hopeful music playing]
I'll make sure
the Saja Boys lose tomorrow.
Then we'll both win.
Rumi. wait. I…
I… I can't wait
to see you on that stage tomorrow.
[exhales]
-[groans]
-[demonic voices whispering]
-Ow.
-[eerie music playing]
What's with the long faces?
Everything's going to plan.
Look at all these souls. huh?
[whispers] Turn around.
[Gwi-Ma] That's funny.
I thought for a moment
you actually believed you could be free.
[Gwi-Ma laughing]
[laughs]
Yeah. that's funny.
[Gwi-Ma]
Because if you really believed her.
if you really thought
you could escape what you are.
what you did…
[groaning]
…you would have told her the truth.
You betrayed your own family.
You left them behind.
[woman whispers] You killed your family.
[Gwi-Ma]
Don't forget about our deal. Jinu.
because I can turn those voices up.
-[woman] They're going to die.
-[cries]
[gasping]
[Gwi-Ma] Or they can be gone.
Don't think you can escape
what you are.
[poignant music playing]
[Mira sighs] Every time.
Maybe they'll understand.
No. Rumi.
Nothing can change
until your patterns are gone.
Everything's set.
-Well. almost everything.
-[purrs]
[music fades]
Look. the last few weeks have been hard.
And I admit. I haven't been at my best.
But I know we can win tomorrow.
We just have to sing the right song.
And "Takedown" isn't--
It's okay. Rumi.
We agree.
It's not the song
that's gonna connect all our fans.
It can't even connect us.
[sighs]
I know our faults
and fears must never be seen.
but. look. I'm kind of a difficult person.
Overly blunt.
short-fused. highly aggressive.
My whole life.
those things were a liability.
But somehow. with you guys. they're okay.
I feel the same way.
Before I joined Huntrix.
I felt like my thoughts
and my lyrics and all my notebooks
were just useless and weird.
But with the two of you.
they mean something.
I mean something.
I'm afraid of losing you guys too.
And that's why we have to finish this.
All these fears. it's the demons talking.
But tomorrow. we can win this war.
And when the Honmoon is sealed.
we will be free of these demons.
Free of these fears forever.
-[hopeful music playing]
-And then we can take a hiatus.
-Maybe go to the bathhouse?
-[gasps]
-What? I'll fight for a spa day with you.
-The women's bathhouse. not the men's?
Let's do it!
Wait. what song are we singing?
-"Golden."
-"Takedown"!
I mean "Golden." Definitely "Golden."
It's a song about the best of us.
Rumi. your voice good to go?
Never been stronger.
Happy fans?
[in unison] Happy Honmoon!
-Yeah!
-[Zoey whoops]
[suspenseful music playing]
[host] Two bands. one award.
Every snowflake is special.
But one snowflake is probably the best.
Who will be the top of the mountain?
Fans from around the universe will decide.
Finally. the moment
you've been waiting for.
Here are the five-year reigning champs
of the International Idol Awards. Huntrix!
-["How It's Done" plays]
-We love Huntrix!
[cheering]
Versus the heart-stealing newcomers.
the Saja Boys!
We love you!
-["Soda Pop" playing]
-[host] Who will win?
[audience cheering distantly]
Ugh. Look at that smug face.
I'm gonna freaking smash it.
Save it for the stage.
Please welcome to the stage.
the Saja Boys!
-[fans chanting] Saja Boys!
-[audience cheering and screaming]
[cheering fades]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[woman] What's going on?
I hate Abs!
-Girls. the Saja Boys are fighting.
-What?
That means you're on now!
Okay. This is it. For the fans.
For the world.
For us.
Yes! We win this. and then we celebrate
with Itaewon corn dogs! [speaks in Korean]
Yay! [speaks in Korean]
[Zoey giggles]
-[audience cheering]
-Uh…
Okay. uh. there's been
a slight change in schedule.
Here to perform their hot new single.
"Golden." it's Huntrix!
-["Golden" playing over speakers]
-[cheering]
♪ I was a ghost ♪
♪ I was alone ♪
♪ Eo du wojin. ap gil sok e ♪
♪ Given the throne
I didn't know how to believe ♪
♪ I was the queen that I'm meant to be! ♪
♪ I lived two lives ♪
♪ Tried to play both sides ♪
♪ But I couldn't find my own place! ♪
♪ Called a problem child ♪
♪ 'Cause I got too wild ♪
♪ But now that's how I'm getting paid ♪
♪ Kkeut eop si on stage! ♪
♪ I'm done hiding ♪
♪ Now I'm shining ♪
♪ Like I'm born to be! ♪
♪ We dreaming hard ♪
♪ We came so far ♪
♪ Now I believe! ♪
♪ We're going up. up. up! ♪
♪ It's our moment! ♪
♪ You know together we're glowing! ♪
♪ Gonna be. gonna be golden… ♪
She's killing it out there!
-Let's go finish this.
-[Bobby yells]
♪ Gonna be. gonna be golden! ♪
-[both] Bobby?
-You're on in 20 seconds!
♪ Whoa. I'm done hiding ♪
♪ Now I'm shining ♪
♪ Like I'm born to be! ♪
♪ Oh. our time ♪
♪ No fears. no lies ♪
♪ That's who we're born to be! ♪
♪ You know ♪
♪ We're gonna be. gonna be golden
We're gonna be. gonna be… ♪
Bobby?
Yes! Rumi's crushing it!
♪ You know that it's our time ♪
♪ No fears. no lies ♪
♪ That’s who we’re born to be! ♪
[song fades]
["Takedown" playing over speakers]
♪ Takedown. takedown. down. down. down ♪
-What?
-Why are they playing "Takedown"?
Something's wrong.
-Rumi!
"Takedown"? They put this back in?
Is this a new song?
♪ It's a takedown! ♪
♪ So sweet. so easy on the eyes ♪
♪ Way hideous on the inside ♪
♪ Whole life spreading lies
But you can't hide. baby. nice try! ♪
♪ About to switch up these vibes… ♪
Zoey?
Mira?
♪ Time to kick you
Straight back into the night! ♪
♪ 'Cause I see your real face
It's ugly as sin… ♪
[woman 1] What's going on?
-[woman 2] Are they fighting?
-Why? No.
Please! Stop!
♪ Makes hatred wanna grow
Out of my veins ♪
Rumi!
♪ I don't think
You're ready for the takedown ♪
♪ Break you into pieces in a world of pain
'Cause you're all the same ♪
Hang on. Rumi! We're coming!
♪ Takedown! ♪
♪ A demon with no feelings ♪
♪ Don't deserve to live! ♪
♪ It's so obvious! ♪
♪ I'mma gear up and take you down! ♪
We see what you are.
-You're a demon. A mistake.
-A mistake.
[Rumi] No!
[demon Mira and Zoey] You have been
since the day you were born.
[whimpers then screams] No!
[ominous music playing]
-[audience gasping]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[audience shouting
and chattering nervously]
[gasping]
[breathing heavily]
What?
How are you here?
You were just on stage.
That wasn't you? Oh.
Oh. thank goodness.
[tense music playing]
No. No!
No. No.
-How do you have patterns?
-These were supposed to be gone.
You were never supposed to see!
You were hiding this from us
this whole time?
No. I have a plan to erase them.
Jinu was supposed to-- I-- He was--
Jinu? You're working with him?
No. No! No!
I was using him to fix all this!
To fix me! So we could all do our duty!
We could all be strong.
Be together.
How could we be together
if we can't tell your lies
from your truths. Rumi?
I knew it. [scoffs]
I knew it was too good to be true.
Mira. no! Didn't you see?
See the gold? We're so close!
No! Don't leave! Don't leave!
-I can still… [in demonic voice] fix it!
-[music intensifies]
[music turns poignant]
[sobs softly]
[in normal voice] Zoey. please. [sobs]
[sobbing]
[footsteps retreating]
Jinu? Jinu! Where are you?
Jinu!
[eerie music playing]
Say you didn't do this.
How could you do this?
It was all a lie.
It was real!
What we had was real. I know it was!
The things I said?
I just needed you to trust me. That's all.
No! No. I know your story.
You were a good person. and you still are.
You just made a mistake.
-I left them!
-[music turns dramatic]
That's right. I lied to you.
I only made a deal with Gwi-Ma
to get myself out of that miserable life.
I left my sister. my mother. alone
while I slept on silk sheets in the palace
with my belly full every night!
I left them. I left them.
But that's not all you are.
This is just your demon talking.
-You have to fight it!
-That's not how it works!
[in demonic voice] Yes. it is!
Listen to yourself.
Is it working?
You're a demon. just like me.
All we get to do
is live with our pain. our misery.
That's all we deserve.
[gasping]
[dramatic. poignant music playing]
The Honmoon! It's coming apart!
Due to the Huntrix
public breakup on stage.
today's International Idol Awards
have been canceled.
Here are the winners
of the International Idol Awards.
Artist of the Year. Saja Boys.
[Gwi-Ma] You couldn't keep them together.
You're all alone.
but you don't have to be.
[new anchor] Best New Artist. Saja Boys.
Song of the Year. "Soda Pop."
Worldwide Icon of the Year. Saja Boys.
Hey. everybody.
You must all be so sad
about the Huntrix breakup.
We are too.
So to cheer everyone up.
we're going to do
a special live performance tonight.
Midnight. Namsan Tower.
Don't miss it for the world.
[ominous music playing]
Gwi-Ma. he's coming.
[metal crunches]
[demon Mira]
You thought you found a family?
You don't deserve one.
You never have.
What are we gonna do without Rumi?
Our songs are three-part harmonies.
-How do we--
-There is no "we." Zoey.
I don't get to have a family.
[gasps then whimpers]
[demon Zoey]
You're too much. And not enough.
You'll never belong anywhere.
but I can give you a place to belong.
[demonic voices whispering]
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
[yells]
Rumi?
[dramatic music playing]
I thought I could fix it all.
Fix me.
But I ran out of time.
They saw.
They know.
There's no denying it now.
This is what I am.
Rumi. no.
You knew I was a mistake
from the very start.
Do what you should've done
a long time ago.
Before I destroy what I swore to protect.
Please. [in demonic voice] Do it!
-I can't.
-[music turns poignant]
When we lost your mother.
I swore to protect
all that was left of her.
but I never thought
that that would be a child like you.
Everything I was taught
told me you were wrong.
but I made a promise.
So I did my best
to accept you and help you.
[in normal voice] Accept me?
You told me to cover up. to hide.
Yes. until we can fix everything.
And we still can.
We can cover those up
and put everything right again.
I'll tell Mira and Zoey
that it was all a lie.
an illusion by Gwi-Ma to break us apart.
No.
No more hiding.
No more lies!
Rumi. we can still fix this.
Don't you get it?
This is what I am.
Look at me.
Why can't you look at me?!
-Why couldn't you love me?!
-I do!
All of me!
This is why we have to hide it.
Our faults and fears must never be seen.
It's the only way to protect the Honmoon.
[music intensifies]
[dramatic music playing]
If this is the Honmoon
I'm supposed to protect.
[in demonic voice]
I'm glad to see it destroyed.
[music peaks then fades]
[gasps]
[Gwi-Ma] Well done.
Ready to forget it all?
[ominous music playing]
Good. I'm ready to feast.
[purrs inquisitively]
[horde chanting] Saja! Saja! Saja!
-[tense music playing]
-[chanting continues]
Saja!
[cheering and screaming]
["Your Idol" playing]
[Saja Boys harmonizing demonically]
♪ I'll be your idol! ♪
♪ Keeping you in check
Keeping you obsessed! ♪
♪ Play me on repeat kkeuteopsi
In your head! ♪
♪ Anytime it hurts. play another verse ♪
♪ I can be your sanctuary! ♪
♪ Know I'm the only one right now ♪
♪ I will love you more
When it all burns down! ♪
♪ More than power. more than gold ♪
♪ You gave me your heart
Now I'm here for your soul ♪
♪ I'm the only one
Who'll love your sins! ♪
♪ Feel the way my voice
Gets underneath your skin! ♪
♪ Listen cause I'm ♪
♪ Preaching to the choir ♪
♪ Can I get the mic a little higher? ♪
[screaming]
♪ Gimme your desire! ♪
♪ I can be the star you rely on ♪
♪ Nae hwanholae chwihae
You can't look away ♪
♪ Don't you know I'm here to save you? ♪
♪ Now we runnin' wild ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm all you need ♪
♪ I'mma be your idol! ♪
♪ Unh! Bichinaneun fame
Gyesok oecheo I'm your idol! ♪
♪ Thank you for the pain
'Cause it got me going viral! ♪
♪ Oh yeah. naji anneun fever
Makin' you a believer ♪
♪ Nareul wihae neon jonjae haneun aideul ♪
♪ Living in your mind now ♪
♪ Too late 'cause you're mine now ♪
♪ I will make you free ♪
♪ When you’re all a part of me! ♪
♪ Preaching to the choir! ♪
♪ Can I get the mic a little higher? ♪
♪ Gimme your desire! ♪
♪ Once we set your world on fire! ♪
♪ Nae hwanholae chwihae
You can't look away ♪
♪ No one is coming to save you ♪
♪ Now we running wild! ♪
♪ You're down on your knees ♪
♪ I'mma be your idol! ♪
[Rumi sings hauntingly] ♪ Oh! ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[Rumi in demonic voice]
We are Hunters. Voices strong.
Slaying demons with our song.
Fix the world and make it right.
When darkness finally meets the light.
[Gwi-Ma] You come here like this?
You think you can fix the world?
You can't even fix yourself.
I can't.
[Gwi-Ma] And now everyone finally sees you
for what you really are.
They do.
[Gwi-Ma] And the Honmoon is gone.
It is.
So we can make a new one.
[sound fades]
[in normal voice]
♪ Nothing but the truth now ♪
♪ Nothing but the proof of what I am ♪
♪ The worst of what I came from ♪
♪ Patterns I'm ashamed of ♪
♪ Things that even I don't understand ♪
♪ I tried to fix it ♪
♪ I tried to fight it ♪
♪ My head was twisted ♪
♪ My heart divided ♪
♪ My lies all collided ♪
♪ I don't know why I didn't ♪
♪ Trust you to be on my side ♪
["What It Sounds Like" playing]
♪ I broke into a million pieces ♪
♪ And I can't go back ♪
♪ But now I'm seeing all the beauty ♪
♪ In the broken glass ♪
♪ The scars are part of me ♪
♪ Darkness and harmony ♪
♪ My voice without the lies ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
♪ Why did I cover up
The colors stuck inside my head? ♪
♪ I should've let the jagged edges
Meet the light instead ♪
♪ Show me what's underneath ♪
[Huntrix] ♪ I'll find your harmony ♪
♪ The song we couldn't write ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
[Gwi-Ma] Stop this song!
[Rumi] ♪ We're shattering the silence ♪
♪ We're rising. defiant! ♪
♪ Shouting in the quiet ♪
[Huntrix] ♪ "You're not alone!" ♪
♪ We listened to the demons ♪
♪ We let them get between us ♪
♪ But none of us are out here
On our own! ♪
♪ So we were cowards ♪
♪ So we were liars ♪
♪ So we're not heroes ♪
♪ We're still survivors! ♪
♪ The dreamers. the fighters ♪
♪ No lying. I'm tired ♪
♪ But dive in the fire ♪
♪ And I'll be right here by your side ♪
♪ We broke into a million pieces ♪
♪ And we can't go back ♪
♪ But now we're seeing ♪
♪ All the beauty in the broken glass ♪
♪ The scars are part of me ♪
♪ Darkness and harmony ♪
♪ My voice without the lies ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
♪ Why did we cover up
The colors stuck inside our head? ♪
♪ Get up and let the jagged edges ♪
♪ Meet the light instead ♪
♪ Show me what's underneath ♪
♪ I'll find your harmony ♪
♪ Fearless and undefined ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
[dramatic music playing]
[demon yells]
[gasps]
[Gwi-Ma] Your voices cannot defeat me!
[intense music playing]
[grunting]
No!
Rumi! [grunts]
[grunting]
[screams]
-[gasps]
-[music fades]
[poignant music playing]
-[gasps]
-[groans]
-[grunts]
-Jinu! No!
I'm sorry for everything.
[Jinu gasps]
No. I wanted to set you free.
You did.
You gave me my soul back.
And now…
I give it to you.
[music intensifies]
[yells]
[Gwi-Ma roars]
["What It Sounds Like" playing]
[crowd] ♪ Oh! ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like. hey! ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like. hey! ♪
♪ Oh! Hey! ♪
[gasps] You're just my type. Oh. well.
[crowd]
♪ This is what it sounds like. hey! ♪
[Mira yells] No more abs!
[crowd] ♪ This what it. this is what it
This is what it sounds like! ♪
[Huntrix] ♪ We broke into a million pieces
And we can't go back ♪
♪ But now I'm seeing all the beauty
In the broken glass ♪
♪ The scars are part of me ♪
♪ Darkness and harmony ♪
♪ My voice without the lies ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
♪ Why did we cover up
The colors stuck inside our head? ♪
♪ Get up and let the jagged edges
Meet the light instead! ♪
♪ Show me what's underneath ♪
♪ I'll find your harmony ♪
♪ Fearless and undefined ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
♪ My voice without the lies ♪
♪ Fearless and undefined ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
♪ Truth after all this time ♪
♪ Our voices all combined! ♪
♪ When darkness meets the light ♪
♪ This is what it sounds like! ♪
[crowd cheering]
We love you. Huntrix!
[song fades]
I love my girls.
[hopeful music playing]
[crowd roaring]
[music fades]
-[tranquil music playing]
-[sighs] Ah!
Wow. This feels amazing.
We've been saying that for years.
Right? See what you've been missing?
Oh. yeah. I wanna come here
every day of our three-month hiatus.
Rumi. I'm so happy you didn't. like. die.
Wow. Zoey. way to be super literal.
But same.
[sobbing] I just…
You guys just mean so much to me.
and I don't really know
what I'd do with you.
-[all sobbing]
-I mean. I love you guys so much.
[chanting] Couch. Couch. Couch.
Three months of couch.
[girls chattering excitedly]
[Zoey] Aw. look at them. They're so cute.
You know. I feel like
we got a nice little break.
Yeah. I definitely feel recharged.
Me too. I thought I wanted couch.
but I think couch can wait.
[Rumi] Hi. everyone.
[girl 1] Rumi! Mira!
-Oh my gosh. I love you guys so much!
-You guys are too sweet.
-You're the best.
-No. you guys are the best.
[chattering indistinctly]
["Takedown (Twice Version)" playing]
[Tiger sighs]
♪ Takedown. takedown. takedown.
Down. down. down ♪
-♪ Huntrix girls to the world! ♪
-♪ Takedown ♪
♪ It's a takedown ♪
♪ So sweet. so easy on the eyes
But hideous on the inside ♪
♪ Whole life spreading lies
But you can't hide
♪ Baby. nice try ♪
♪ I'm 'bout ta switch up these vibes
I finally opened my eyes ♪
♪ It's time to kick you
Straight back into the night ♪
♪ 'Cause I see your real face
And it's ugly as sin ♪
♪ Time to put you in your place
'Cause you're rotten within ♪
♪ When your patterns start to show ♪
♪ It's makes the hatred wanna grow
Out of my veins ♪
♪ I don't think you're ready
For the takedown ♪
♪ Break you into pieces
In a world of pain ♪
♪ 'Cause you're all the same ♪
♪ Yeah. it's the takedown ♪
♪ A demon with no feelings
Don't deserve to live ♪
♪ It's so obvious ♪
♪ I'mma gear up and take you down ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
-♪ It's a takedown ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
♪ I'mma take you down ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
♪ It's a takedown ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
-♪ Take it down ♪
♪ It's a takedown. I'mma take you out
You'll break down like. "What?" ♪
And it ain't gonna stop ♪
♪ Jung-shin-eul-noh-koh
Null-jib-balb-goh! ♪
♪ Kal-eul-seh-gyuh-nuah ♪
♪ You'll be begging and crying
All of you dying. never miss my shot ♪
♪ When your patterns start to show ♪
♪ It makes the hatred wanna grow
Out of my veins ♪
♪ I don't think you're ready
For the takedown ♪
♪ Dangdang ha geh uh-doom
Ap-eh da-ga-su ♪
♪ Da mu-nuh-deuh-ryuh ♪
♪ Yeah. it's the takedown ♪
♪ A demon with no feelings
Don't deserve to live ♪
♪ It's so obvious ♪
♪ I'mma gear up and take you down ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
-♪ It's a takedown ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
♪ I'mma take it down ♪
♪ Watch me do it. yeah ♪
♪ Takedown ♪
♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
♪ Oh. you're the master of illusion ♪
♪ Nah-rul-sok-ee-ryuh-ha-ji-ma ♪
♪ Look at all the masses
That you're fooling ♪
♪ But they'll turn on you soon. so how ♪
♪ How can you sleep
Or live with yourself? ♪
♪ A broken soul
Trapped in the nastiest shell ♪
♪ Yong-hon-ub-neun ♪
♪ Nee mok-soom-eul ♪
♪ Geun-uh-roh and watch you die! ♪
♪ You can try. but you can't hide ♪
♪ It's a takedown. I'mma take you out
You'll break down like. "What?" ♪
It ain't gonna stop ♪
♪ I'mma cut you open. lose control
Then rip out your heart ♪
♪ You'll be begging and crying
All of you dying ♪
-♪ I'mma gear up and take you down! ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
-♪ Takedown! Yeah. yeah! Yeah. yeah! ♪
-♪ Takedown! ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. da-da-da-da ♪
-♪ Takedown! Watch me do it. yeah ♪
♪ Take it down! ♪
[song ends]
[dramatic music playing]
[woman singing in Korean]
[music fades]
[lively rock music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[intense music playing]
[poignant music playing]
[hopeful music playing]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm